1. I used a mixture of web-based chatbots and Cursor to complete the project. I used a hybrid of the spec-based approach, where I provide lots of details but use an LLM to assist in writing the spec, then do an agentic build and separate agent review. I also did some AI-assisted mini-specs for features added later on. I read lots of code, and from the start (e.g. in the spec), I worked hard to keep the code clean and modular, using OOP, constants.py files, and avoiding antipatterns like swallowing errors.

2. I used Claude almost exclusively, both web based (Sonnet 4.6) and in Cursor (Opus 4.7). As mentioned in (1), I used an agentic approach for parts of it, but it was kind of a hybrid of different approaches depending on what I was implementing.

3. I found that the spec-based approach worked really well in the last couple of projects for getting the first MVP. One of the big advantages is code style and cleanliness; with a spec, you can ensure that the project will be broken into manageable chunks, which in turn makes it easier for you to read it and understand what's going on. This makes you better at iterating on the code later. Once you have an MVP, spec-based development makes less sense unless the features are huge. But when trying to implement multiple features at once or a more complex feature, it makes sense to use some kind of spec, whether AI-assisted or not.

4. Prior to 113, I was an avid user of the Plan + Agent approach. But I had never been exposed to spec-driven development, which really hurt my initial MVPs, and could lead to code that, while functional, was really hard to parse and iterate on effectively. Now, using the spec approach, followed by Plan + Agent or other techniques for iterations on the initial version gives a much more maintainable codebase. I definitely feel more well-equipped to create projects like this in a reasonable time frame.

5. I would want to add a feature to support the user in figuring out what kind of video to make, i.e. what story to tell with the script. I found myself doing this with help from an external llm, and then going to my site and telling it the high-level idea. But it would be nice to have this baked into the app. I also want to implement some other improvements, like prompt adjustments, token optimizations, and greater parallelism (generating more than one image+audio pair at a time, considering rate limits). More downstream, it would be nice to support other formats of videos, as this tool is focused on a very particular template. For instance, I write music and may want to generate promotional videos for my songs.
